docs: move to mkdocs-material platform, editorial, and later import into the Knowledge Layer (#54)
0xPolygon/kurtosis-cdk: docs/quickstart/mac-troubles.md

Running Docker on MacOS differs slightly from Docker on Linux and you may encounter some issues. 

Follow the steps below to avoid any issues using MacOS.

> ## zkEVM docker image issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## zkEVM prover docker image issue
```

> If you get issues installing the zkEVM docker image after running the Kurtosis enclave, try running the following, then run it again:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get issues downloading the zkEVM prover docker image when deploying the Kurtosis package, try downloading the image by specifying the architecture first before deploying the package:
```
